good afternoon my gosh as you know
parole and a privilege it's a mistake
but it happened and if I were to be
released I would um I would just want
the simple life I just wanna hold down a
job make some friends you know pay my
bills
even if this was possible it made 20
people seven people why do you need to
do this cuz that's what I'm gonna how
long would it take you to make seven
pieces of jewelry in five or six hours
how long if I told you didn't have to
live with your mother anymore
it's made the waterpots point what do
you need
which man named wall which real name
8-ball what if we could make all this go
away in pairs as well sorry okay I am
with my family I told you I'm in a
garage to finally tell you how big a job
no I'm out I take their jobs
I'll be back before you know can I come
with you
this is mommy's very special work trip
[Music]
in three and a half weeks the Met will
be hosting its annual ball and we are
going to Robins not the ball itself the
neck of Daphne Kluger valued at over a
hundred million dollars revenge it's a
twofer do not run a job in a job
[Music]
user Smith can't we just go to this do
we have to steal stop yes
[Music]
is it genetic or the whole family like
this literally
[Music]